A list of keywords or reserved words are given below

`abstract` abstract keyword is used to declare an abstract class. An abstract class can provide the implementation of
the interface. It can have abstract and non-abstract methods.

`boolean` boolean keyword is used to declare a variable as a boolean type. It can hold True and False values only.

`break` break keyword is used to break the loop or switch statement. It breaks the current flow of the program at
specified conditions.

`byte` byte keyword is used to declare a variable that can hold 8-bit data values.

`case` case keyword is used with the switch statements to mark blocks of text.

`catch` catch keyword is used to catch the exceptions generated by try statements. It must be used after the try block
only.

`char` char keyword is used to declare a variable that can hold unsigned 16-bit Unicode characters

`class` class keyword is used to declare a class.

`continue` continue keyword is used to continue the loop. It continues the current flow of the program and skips the
remaining code at the specified condition.

`default` default keyword is used to specify the default block of code in a switch statement.

`do` do keyword is used in the control statement to declare a loop. It can iterate a part of the program several times.

`double` double keyword is used to declare a variable that can hold 64-bit floating-point number.

`else` else keyword is used to indicate the alternative branches in an if statement.

`enum` enum keyword is used to define a fixed set of constants. Enum constructors are always private or default.

`extends` extends keyword is used to indicate that a class is derived from another class or interface.

`final` final keyword is used to indicate that a variable holds a constant value. It is used with a variable. It is used
to restrict the user from updating the value of the variable.

`finally` finally keyword indicates a block of code in a try-catch structure. This block is always executed whether an
exception is handled or not.

`float` float keyword is used to declare a variable that can hold a 32-bit floating-point number.

`for` for keyword is used to start a for loop. It is used to execute a set of instructions/functions repeatedly when
some condition becomes true. If the number of iteration is fixed, it is recommended to use for loop.

`if` if keyword tests the condition. It executes the if block if the condition is true.

`implements` implements keyword is used to implement an interface.

`import` import keyword makes classes and interfaces available and accessible to the current source code.

`instanceof` instanceof keyword is used to test whether the object is an instance of the specified class or implements
an interface.

`int` int keyword is used to declare a variable that can hold a 32-bit signed integer.

`interface` interface keyword is used to declare an interface. It can have only abstract methods.

`long` long keyword is used to declare a variable that can hold a 64-bit integer.

`native` native keyword is used to specify that a method is implemented in native code using JNI (Native Interface).

`new` new keyword is used to create new objects.

`null` null keyword is used to indicate that a reference does not refer to anything. It removes the garbage value.

`package` package keyword is used to declare a package that includes the classes.

`private` private keyword is an access modifier. It is used to indicate that a method or variable may be accessed only
in the class in which it is declared.

`protected` protected keyword is an access modifier. It can be accessible within the package and outside the package but
through inheritance only. It can't be applied with the class.

`public` public keyword is an access modifier. It is used to indicate that an item is accessible anywhere. It has the
widest scope among all other modifiers.

`return` return keyword is used to return from a method when its execution is complete.

`short` short keyword is used to declare a variable that can hold a 16-bit integer.

`static` static keyword is used to indicate that a variable or method is a class method. The static keyword in is mainly
used for memory management.

`strictfp` strictfp is used to restrict the floating-point calculations to ensure portability.

`super` super keyword is a reference variable that is used to refer to parent class objects. It can be used to invoke
the immediate parent class method.

`switch` The switch keyword contains a switch statement that executes code based on test value. The switch statement
tests the equality of a variable against multiple values.

`synchronized` synchronized keyword is used to specify the critical sections or methods in multithreaded code.

`this` this keyword can be used to refer the current object in a method or constructor.

`throw` The throw keyword is used to explicitly throw an exception. The throw keyword is mainly used to throw custom
exceptions. It is followed by an instance.

`throws` The throws keyword is used to declare an exception. Checked exceptions can be propagated with throws.

`transient` transient keyword is used in serialization. If you define any data member as transient, it will not be
serialized.

`try` try keyword is used to start a block of code that will be tested for exceptions. The try block must be followed by
either catch or finally block.

`void` void keyword is used to specify that a method does not have a return value.

`volatile` volatile keyword is used to indicate that a variable may change asynchronously.

`while` while keyword is used to start a while loop. This loop iterates a part of the program several times. If the
number of iteration is not fixed, it is recommended to use the while loop.